My family and I find ourselves
in an interesting situation.
Can I help you?
Looking for John Dutton.
Yeah. Who's looking
for John Dutton?
The walls are closing
in all sides.
We're fighting to survive.
Your father's ranch isn't
a kingdom and he isn't a king.
Your family deserves
to lose everything.
There are wolves
everywhere here.
I run this valley.
And there's a war coming.
You bet your ass it's coming.
This is where change begins.
With new partnerships.
They will pull you.
They will twist you
and tear you into tiny pieces.
To beat her,
I have to attack him.
I have to play dirty.
We're about to find out
how big a role you play
in this family, son.
You understand what I'm asking.
Loyalty, morality, not part
of the equation for you.
I ran so far from this place,
I don't think
it factors in at all.
This cannot be fixed.
All the angels are gone son.
There's only devils left.